refactor: clarify new gravity, clean up kernel flags usage, move CFL computations to FVM solver (#3486)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/finiteVolume/docs/FiniteVolume.rst.txt

.. math::
  F_{KL} = \Upsilon_{KL} \frac{\rho^{upw}}{\mu^{upw}} \big( p_K - p_L - \rho^{avg} g ( d_K - d_L ) \big),

where :math:`p_K` is the pressure of cell :math:`K`, :math:`\rho^{avg}` is the average fluid density, :math:`d_K` is the depth of cell :math:`K`, and :math:`\Upsilon_{KL}` is the standard TPFA transmissibility coefficient at the interface.
The fluid density, :math:`\rho^{upw}`, and the fluid viscosity, :math:`\mu^{upw}`, are upwinded using the sign of the potential difference at the interface. 

> For :ref:`CompositionalMultiphaseFlow` there are different options how :math:`\rho^{avg}` can be computed, which are controlled by `gravityDensityScheme` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For :ref:`CompositionalMultiphaseFlow` there are two options to compute the average density, :math:`\rho^{avg}`. The desired option can be selected using the `gravityDensityScheme` parameter:
```
